update-readme (#17)
bitclout/frontend: README.md

# BitClout Frontend
This is the repository for the reference BitClout Angular app. It serves as an
interface that allows users to interact with the data on the BitClout blockchain.
## Getting started

> Bitclout frontend-ui depends on node Node.js, currently tested on v14.16.1.

Reviewer: @dezzyboy Let me know what you think about this suggestion!

> On MacOs  and Unbuntu, the most reliable way to install Node is to use the [Node Version Manager](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) which allows you to have multiple node versions installed at once just incase you have other applications that depends on different versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On MacOS and Linux based systems, the most reliable way to install Node is to use the [Node Version Manager](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) which allows you to have multiple node versions installed at once just incase you have other applications that depends on different versions.
```

Author: thanks for the suggestions added windows node installation link..
